# miner-ai-sec
This code is a snippet from a larger project used within managerial economics research conducted for UTSA's Alvarez College of Business. The purpose of this code is to pull data from the master files uploaded for every public company sold on stock exchanges within the United States. By default, the code searches text files for strategic alliances within the healthcare industry and outputs the data to an excel document. Then it tests the data using a BERT text classification model to refine the initial results. For a complete picture of the healthcare industry, it is important to note that public companies make up the minority of companies within the industry, and more data can be collected through the IRS 990 EZ postcard filings available here https://www.irs.gov/charities-non-profits/form-990-series-downloads. For those interested in seeking information outside of the healthcare industry, or outside of texas, simply adjust the if then statements within the data to either include new checkpoints or exclude the listed checkpoints. the program is intentionally disfunctional due to its great power in creating population datasets to use for mean-variance portfolios, evaluating the relationship between firm value and market risk, forecasting and predicting future value, adding efficiency to the market, analysis of sentiment, insider information, etc., and would suggest any nascent programmers to read https://www.sec.gov/os/accessing-edgar-data and https://blog.research.google/2018/11/open-sourcing-bert-state-of-art-pre.html before attempting to run the code.
For anyone interested in using this code to create market portfolio forecasts, it is imperative that you customize search terms to find the necessary assets, liabilities, and income information within the range of possible representations of those values on financial statements, and to dilute the equity information appropriately when assessing the equity value of the firm. It is also important to maintain a growth rate below that of the economy in which the company or market operates (for obvious reasons). Remember that monte carlo simulations and the use of the black scholes model is vital when appropriately evaluating the per share fair price of a stock.
Good Luck and Happy Coding!
-Tyler
SEC Scraper and BERT Tester
